chore: add meaningful error codes MONGOSH-431 (#444)
mongodb-js/mongosh: packages/errors/scripts/error-overview.tmpl.md

# mongosh Error Codes Overview

> To quickly find an error by it's code just search for the code in this overview.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To quickly find an error by its code, search for the code in this overview.
```
